We have great, great people running. Many of them are right here. I love Marjorie. With your help, we’re going to take back the House and send Nancy Pelosi back to San Francisco where she can work very hard to bring back a city which she has helped to very much destroy, just like they’re destroying our nation. They’re destroying our nation. We’re going to fire your ultra left-wing Senator Ralph Warnock, and elect the great Herschel Walker to the United States Senate. And we’re going to take back our country from these lunatics.

In just eight months Joe Biden and the radical Democrats are well on their way to turning America into a third-world nation. That’s what’s happening. You see it here as much as anybody. I told you so during the election and during the campaign. Inflation is skyrocketing. Unemployment is rising at a level that nobody can believe. Main streets are being boarded up. Murders are through the roof. You look at what’s happening in these Democrat-run cities. Violent gangs or drugged-out vagrants are taking over our big cities, our once great cities. Corruption is rampant. The senior ranks of our military have been politicized. Our leaders are issuing unconstitutional executive mandates and our country is being turned into a migrants camp. That’s what we are. Other than that, how are things going?

It’s really not even believable what’s going on, but it’s going on nevertheless. Each and every one of us here tonight must do everything we can to save America. We’re talking about saving. You remember, we had Make America Great Again, then I said, oh boy, now we have to do it again because what they’ve done. So we had Make America Great Again, again. Again, again. We made a great and now we’ve got to make a great again. That begins with an earth-shattering win in November 2022. And by the way, we never forget 2020, just in case you have any questions. We’re not forgetting 2020. The most corrupt election in the history of our country. Most corrupt election in the history of most countries, to be followed by an even more glorious victory in November of 2024. We’re going to have a big, big, beautiful group then.

If we have a country left in 2024, that’s the problem. We’re going to have a country left. And what they’re doing at this level, what they’re doing at this level, you’re not going to have a country left. There’s no greater crisis facing our nation today than the catastrophe on our Southern border. You’ve been watching it and a lot of the fake news. And you got a lot of them back … Look at all of those fake newspeople. Wow. It’s amazing. They’re doing our country no favor. They’re doing you no favor and they’re doing themselves no favor. American sovereignty is being extinguished by the deliberate and willful policies put in place by Joe Biden and the left-wing extremist he has installed in power. I don’t know if Joe is exactly involved. I don’t know. I don’t know. I really don’t. But somebody is really screwing up our country and destroying our country. In Del Rio, Texas, you’ve been watching tens of thousands of illegal immigrants have overrun our borders in recent days while laughing in the faces of our border patrol agents. And they’re going after the riders of the horses, not the people that came in illegally. Isn’t that incredible? And they’ve just put them under watch. They’re in big trouble, the riders of those horses. Most people would say they were doing one hell of a job, right? Don’t you agree? They’re in trouble, can you believe it?

One thing is certain, this would never, ever be happening if I were your president and we should have been your president. 75 million votes. When I was in the White House, illegal aliens knew that if they broke our laws and trespassed across our borders, they would be caught, they would be detained, and they would be thrown out of our country very rapidly. So they didn’t come. They didn’t come because it was not worth the trip and then you have to go back. It wasn’t worth the trip.

When they made the statement, come with open arms, the world is coming into our country. They’re emptying their prisons into our country. I used to say from Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, Mexico, but now it’s from many countries all over the world, including the Middle East, they’re emptying their prisons into our country. We’re having people coming into our country that we do not want. We do not want. Under my administration, we ended catch and release. We shut down asylum for it. We struck historic agreements with Mexico and Central American nations to stop illegal immigration and we deported dangerous criminal aliens by the tens of thousands, including MS-13 killers. We got them out by the thousands. We built almost 500 miles of powerful border wall. And it was tough because we had to go through two and a half years of litigation against Democrats that were suing us, including Congress. We created the most secure border in the history of the United States of America.

And the wall could have been finished in a month. They didn’t want to finish the wall. This is not even believable. It took us … We were building at record rates, but we had to get the approval from the courts. Two and a half years of fighting and winning 11 different cases. Now, Joe Biden is thrown the border wide open and our country is being invaded by hundreds of thousands of people every single month. Every month, we have hundreds of thousands of people coming, and we don’t even see the people that are really coming in. And I guarantee you, they’re the worst of all. According to one report, over 220 miles of the area near Del Rio is now completely and completely, totally just absorbed by people, but totally unpatrolled.

By people, but totally unpatrolled. The police are saying, “What do we do? This is an invasion.”

He could finish that wall in one month. And the contractors are all suing now. They’re going to make more money. They have contracts to build the wall, finish the wall. They said, “Terminate. Let’s terminate. First day, we’re going to terminate.” And now the contracts are going to get more money for not building than they ever got for building. You got some contractors over here. They’re laughing, because they know exactly what I’m saying. Don’t you? Biden terminated our asylum agreements, instituted nationwide catch and release, crippled ICE. These are great patriots, ICE. Tough. I wouldn’t want that job. That guy with the beautiful jacket on… Come here. Let me look at him. Look at that beautiful… Stand up in the chair. Stand up in that chair. Help him. Look at this guy.