Thank you very much, that’s great. This is a big crowd of people. This is nice. Thank you Selma. We love to be in Selma, and we’ve had some great experiences here and we’ve had a great victory here, tremendous. I’m thrilled to be back in the great state of North Carolina with thousands of crowds, hardworking American Patriots. 

Seven months from now, the people of North Carolina are going to vote to fire the radical left Democrats. You’re going to send the very great man, he’s a great man. I’ve known him a long time. He is a tremendous person, Ted Budd to the US Senate. Thank you, Ted. You’re going to elect an incredible slate of true America first Republicans. Up and down the ballot you will go, and together we are going to end crazy Nancy Pelosi’s political career once and for all.

She is crazy. The stakes this November could not be higher. Biden and the congressional Democrats triggered runaway inflation, the supply chain disaster. How about that? You go to a store, you don’t have anything on the shelves. Whoever even heard of it? They declared war in American energy and now the middle class is being crushed by the highest gas and food prices in the history of our country. 

Violent criminals are being set loose in Democrat run cities to pray on innocent citizens. There’s never been anything like the crime that we’re witnessing in the Democrat run cities, while radical left judges persecute Republicans and whole political prisoners without trial. Our children are being indoctrinated. Our values are being desecrated. Our heritage is being obliterated and our country is being humiliated by a president who has no idea what the hell is going on. 

He has no idea what he’s doing and no idea what he’s saying actually, just have to look at what’s happening. The simple fact is the presidential election was rigged and stolen, and because of that, because of that our country is being systematically destroyed. We have a president who is challenged but he’s surrounded by vicious, evil, and very corrupt people who are doing whatever they want in running our country to ruin. 

With your vote this November, we can stop up our nation’s decline. We can make America great again. And that’s what we’re going to do. 

Of all the many catastrophes Biden has unleashed, perhaps none is more horrendous than his ruthless abolition of America’s borders. Remember the border, we had the strongest border in the history of our country a year and a half ago. By the way, time is flying. We used to say four years, then three years. Now, the other day I heard him say two and a half years, two and a half years doesn’t sound so bad. Four years sounded like a long time.

The problem is Mark, are we going to have a country left? Two and a half years is still long. Because the destruction they’ve done in this short time is unthinkable. With last week’s announcement that the Biden administration will rescind the crucial title 42 protections that I put into place to quickly remove illegal aliens, that’s to remove the illegal aliens and very, very quickly… And even the fake news knows that one was a good one, that’s a lot of people back there.

Welcome. Welcome. Welcome, fake news. Welcome. Biden is willfully opening the floodgates to a tidal wave of illegal immigration, the likes of which the world has never seen before. No country, no country has this ever happened to. He’s deliberately inciting a mob of millions and millions of foreign nationals to illegally infiltrate America’s borders, violate our laws, trample our sovereignty, and settle in our country. Frankly, it’s an invasion. You can call it whatever you want, but this is an invasion.