Thank you. Thank you. Wow, this is a big crowd. I’ll tell you. This goes all the way back. I wish they’d show it because they just don’t do that. They don’t like… This goes all the way back. I just looked at it on television, but it’s our television. We show it, but they don’t show it. You know why? Because they’re fake news. Right? They’re fake news. Hello, Alabama. And I’m thrilled to be back in your incredible, wonderful state that we won by a record number. We won this state. We also won a lot of other states by numbers that they don’t tell you about. We did have a rigged election. Didn’t we. It was terrible, terrible. And you look at what’s going on now. You look at what’s going on now and the border, but take a look at Afghanistan, what’s happening.

But I’m with thousands of proud, hardworking, incredible American patriots. With your help, we’re going to elect our friend, Mo Brooks, to the U.S. Senate. We’re going to fire Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, Joe Biden, and the radical left. And we’re going to make America great again. We have been making it so great. Now they’re biting into that, but we’re not going to let that happen. We can never let that happen. That’s why I had the idea… All my ideas… Someday, they’re going to tell me how to do things. But I liked the George Patton piece. Did you like that, General Patton? I thought so. Because we’re getting a little tired of the woke generals that we have. Right? Where they move our military out before they move our civilians. And before they move $83 billion worth of equipment. Let’s move them out. And the Taliban looks and they say, “I can’t believe it. This could only happen to us. I can’t believe it. The military left.” They go in. We have 45,000 people there, Americans, anywhere from, I guess, 15. They have no idea how many. That’s even worse. They say, “It could be 10. Oh, it could also be 45,000.” But it’s a lot of people and equipment like nobody has anywhere in the world 83 billion dollars.

One year ago this month, in my nomination acceptance speech, which you remember. A lot of you were there. I see a lot of you that were there. I warned the entire country of the disastrous consequences of a Biden presidency. I understood it. A lot of you understood it too. I said that Joe Biden would eliminate America’s borders in the middle of a pandemic. He did. I predicted that he would unleash a wave of violent crime that would turn our cities into a nightmare of killing and bloodshed. You look at these Democrat run cities, Chicago, L.A., big cities, small cities, everyone run by a Democrat, New York. They don’t prosecute people in New York, only Republicans they prosecute. They don’t prosecute murderers and killers. They prosecute Republicans. It’s misconduct. It’s called prosecutorial misconduct. But I told you this was going to be happening. We stated it loud and clear.

We said he would impose crippling shutdowns and restrictions on in-person schooling and that these painful policies would nonetheless fail to stop the virus. He didn’t stop the virus. They say, “Oh, he gets wonderful marks.” He doesn’t get good marks. He’s done a terrible job, including on vaccinations, including on everything else. And now the virus is back. The virus is back. I’m shaking hands with everybody backstage. I say, “Well, I don’t know. Is this a good thing or bad?” You’ll read about it in three or four days maybe, hopefully not.

But I said that Biden would embolden America’s enemies. And that’s what he’s done. And that the radical Democrat socialist agenda would set our nation on the road to economic ruin. You look at what’s going on with inflation. Has anyone noticed that your gasoline is now at levels that you never thought you’d see again, six months ago? So we had $1.87 a gallon and we had a thriving industry, energy independent. Nobody thought we’d ever be energy independent. We didn’t need the Middle East. We didn’t need them. And now you have over five dollars in many cases and it’s going, even here, it’s going to be over five very soon.